Split List Item into a Mixin (#730)
BrightspaceUI/core: components/list/README.md

- `selectable` (Boolean): Indicates a checkbox should be rendered for selecting the item
- `selected` (Boolean): Whether the item is selected

## ListItemMixin

> What if you want to use a list item need more modularity? This mixin is for you! This mixin allows you to make a component a list item without the worry of styling. All the properties from `d2l-list-item` will be added to your new component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to maintain consistency with `d2l-list-item` but need more modularity? This mixin is for you! This mixin allows you to make a component into a list item without requiring custom styling. All of the properties and functionality from `d2l-list-item` will be added to your new component.
```

### How to use

Import
```javascript
import { ListItemMixin } from './list-item-mixin.js';

class ListItem extends ListItemMixin(LitElement) {
...
```

How add the styles:
```javascript
static get styles() {

> 	return [ super.styles ];

Reviewer: I think this is only necessary if people need to extend the css on the component.
```suggestion
	return [ super.styles, css`
	    .some-custom-class {
	        padding: 1rem;
	     }
	` ];
```

Author: It's true. However, I sort of want to show how people can make their own. So that is why I added it.

}
```

How to render the list item:
```javascript
render() {
	return this._renderListItem({
		illustration: html`[Image HTML here]`,
		content: html`[Content here such as d2l-list-item-content]`,
		actions: html`actions here`
	});
}
```
Where the parameters correspond to the slots of `d2l-list-item`:

> - illustration (TemplateResult):  Provide a illustration for your list item.

Reviewer 2: Nit: should be `an`.

> - content (TemplateResult): Core content of the list item. You can use content components such as `d2l-list-item-content` here. (This corresponds to the default slot in `d2l-list-item`.

Reviewer 2: Suggest making this a little more succinct.  "Core content of the list item, such as a `d2l-list-item-content` element."
